uninstall docs edits (#18908)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/UNINSTALL.md

> This method assumes you installed Netdata using the `kickstart.sh` or `netdata-installer.sh` script.
> If you used a different method, it might not work and could complicate the removal process.

Similarly with our documentation on updating Netdata, you need to [determine your installation type](/packaging/installer/UPDATE.md).

> **If your installation type indicates a native package, then proceed uninstalling Netdata using your package manager.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If your installation type indicates a native package, then proceed to uninstall Netdata using your package manager.**
```
